Add issue template for incorrect details (#1198)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/wrong_data.md

---

> name: Wrong data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Report Incorrect Details
```

> about: Report wrong data of a product on endoflife.date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Report incorrect details of a product on endoflife.date
```
